Replace links with xrefs of type in the grains folder (#28700)
dotnet/docs: docs/orleans/grains/external-tasks-and-grains.md

## Work with libraries

Some external libraries that your code is using might be using `ConfigureAwait(false)` internally. It is a good and correct practice in .NET to use `ConfigureAwait(false)` [when implementing general-purpose libraries](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/configureawait-faq/#when-should-i-use-configureawaitfalse). This is not a problem in Orleans. As long as the code in the grain that invokes the library method is awaiting the library call with a regular `await`, the grain code is correct. The result will be exactly as desired – the library code will run continuations on the default scheduler (the value returned by `TaskScheduler.Default`, which does not guarantee that the continuations will run on a <xref:System.Threading.ThreadPool> thread as continuations are often inlined in the previous thread), while the grain code will run on the grain's scheduler.

> Another frequently asked question is whether there is a need to execute library calls with `Task.Run` &mdash; that is, whether there is a need to explicitly offload the library code to `ThreadPool` (for grain code to do `Task.Run(() => myLibrary.FooAsync())`). The answer is no. There is no need to offload any code to `ThreadPool` except for the case of library code that is making a blocking synchronous calls. Usually, any well-written and correct .NET async library (methods that return `Task` and are named with an `Async` suffix) does not make blocking calls. Thus there is no need to offload anything to `ThreadPool` unless you suspect the async library is buggy or if you are deliberately using a synchronous blocking library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another frequently asked question is whether there is a need to execute library calls with `Task.Run` &mdash; that is, whether there is a need to explicitly offload the library code to `ThreadPool` (for grain code to do `Task.Run(() => myLibrary.FooAsync())`). The answer is no. There is no need to offload any code to `ThreadPool` except for the case of library code that is making a blocking synchronous calls. Usually, any well-written and correct .NET async library (methods that return `Task` and are named with an `Async` suffix) doesn't make blocking calls. Thus there is no need to offload anything to `ThreadPool` unless you suspect the async library is buggy or if you are deliberately using a synchronous blocking library.
```
